admin.txt

reverted to US layout kb
setup Serenade, code dictation to save my typing fingers
use Serenade?? MAYBE, still asdjusting to eng kb layout 

X practice in morning, then on to todays course


JOINING DATA W PANDAS
Data Merging Basics
Learn how you can merge disparate data using inner joins. By combining information from multiple sources you’ll uncover compelling insights that may have previously been hidden. You’ll also learn how the relationship between those sources, such as one-to-one or one-to-many, can affect your result.

    Inner join
    What column to merge on?
    Your first inner join
    Inner joins and number of rows returned

    One-to-many relationships
    One-to-many classification
    One-to-many merge
    
    Merging multiple DataFrames
    Total riders in a month
    Three table merge
    One-to-many merge with multiple tables
    
2 Merging Tables With Different Join Types

Take your knowledge of joins to the next level. In this chapter, you’ll work with TMDb movie data as you learn about left, right, and outer joins. You’ll also discover how to merge a table to itself and merge on a DataFrame index.

    Left join
    Counting missing rows with left join
    Enriching a dataset
    How many rows with a left join?
    
    Other joins
    Right join to find unique movies
    Popular genres with right join
    Using outer join to select unique rows not in both tables
    
    Merging a table to itself
    Self join
    How does pandas handle self joins?
    
    Merging on indexes
    Index merge for movie ratings
    Do sequels earn more?
    

Hide Details
3
Advanced Merging and Concatenating
0%

In this chapter, you’ll leverage powerful filtering techniques, including semi-joins and anti-joins. You’ll also learn how to glue DataFrames by vertically combining and using the pandas.concat function to create new datasets. Finally, because data is rarely clean, you’ll also learn how to validate your newly combined data structures.

    Filtering joins
    
    Steps of a semi join
    
    Performing an anti join
    
    Performing a semi join
    
    Concatenate DataFrames together vertically
    
    Concatenation basics
    
    Concatenating with keys
    
    Verifying integrity
    
    Validating a merge
    
    Concatenate and merge to find common songs
    

Hide Details
4
Merging Ordered and Time-Series Data
0%

In this final chapter, you’ll step up a gear and learn to apply pandas' specialized methods for merging time-series and ordered data together with real-world financial and economic data from the city of Chicago. You’ll also learn how to query resulting tables using a SQL-style format, and unpivot data using the melt method.

    Using merge_ordered()
    
    Correlation between GDP and S&P500
    
    Phillips curve using merge_ordered()
    
    merge_ordered() caution, multiple columns
    
    Using merge_asof()
    
    Using merge_asof() to study stocks
    
    Using merge_asof() to create dataset
    
    merge_asof() and merge_ordered() differences
    
    Selecting data with .query()
    
    Explore financials with .query()
    
    Subsetting rows with .query()
    
    Reshaping data with .melt()
    
    Select the right .melt() arguments
    
    Using .melt() to reshape government data
    
    Using .melt() for stocks vs bond performance
    
    Course wrap-up